# Airline Passenger Referral Prediction
## **Abstract:**
Air business as we know has been largely affected due to Covid-19 and most of the airline now is sitting on the verge of Bankruptcy because of this situation. Any bad decision may lead to severe outcomes where no stakeholder wants to invest without any future assurance. As an example of Singapore airlines who are among the hardest hit. As we know this situation is not permanent and it will be over but once this is over there will be a high surge as people will be back for holidays overseas. What can airlines do to tackle this situation? To answer this question, a machine learning model for classification is created from the airline_reviews dataset. This dataset has been  provided to us by Almabetter in order to identify the important factors that lead to better customer satisfaction.
## **Introduction**:
The Airline passenger Referral system has become the most important criteria globally for the airline industry in order to address the surge which has been created after global pandemic so as to remain in the global market competition. 
Airline referral system generally works on customer reviews which is basically sentiment given by the customer depending upon various factor like seat comfort, their trip distance, route they have travelled, timing, the airline frequency, ground service etc. on the basis of which sentiment reviews are analysed and machine learning model on classification is prepared which helps airline industries to focus on the factor resolving which it can actually help them in business growth better than the competitors
